;  SPDX-FileCopyrightText: © 2020 Alias developers
;  SPDX-FileCopyrightText: © 2020 Spectrecoin developers
;  SPDX-License-Identifier: MIT
;
;  @author HLXEasy <hlxeasy@gmail.com>>
;
; This is a translation template containing all used strings of the
; Windows Alias wallet installer.
;
; To translate into a new language:
; - Copy the file with a name indicating the new langauge
; - Fill the "..." fields with the translations
; - File a pull request on Github or get in contact with the developers

"Read Me"
"Lisez-moi"

"Short information about the Alias wallet installer."
"Quelques informations à propos de l'installeur Portefeuille Alias"

"About the installer:"
"A propos de l'installeur"

"Click on scrollbar arrows or press Page Down to review the entire text."
"Cliquer sur les fleches dans la barre de défilement ou appuyez sur PageSuiv pour lire le texte en entier"

"Short information about the Alias wallet uninstaller."
"Quelques informations à propos de du désinstalleur Portefeuille Alias"

"About Uninstall:"
"A propos de la désinstallation"

"Click on scrollbar arrows or press Page Down to review the entire text."
"Cliquer sur les fleches dans la barre de défilement ou appuyez sur PageSuiv pour lire le texte en entier"

"Handle leftovers from before project rebranding"
"Gérer les orphelins d'avant le renommage du projet"

"The Alias wallet software with all it's required components."
"Le logiciel Portefeuille Alias avec tous ses composants requis"

"The bootstrap blockchain data. Download may take some time as it's a 1.9G archive."
"Les données de bootstrap de la blockchain. Télécharger prendra du temps car il s'agit d'une archive de 1,96Go"

"Tor Settings"
"Réglages Tor"

"Please choose Tor configuration:"
"Choisissez la configuration Tor"

"Tor flavour"
"Tor flavour"

"Default settings"
"Réglages par défaut"

"With activated OBFS4"
"Avec OBFS4 activé"

"With activated Meek"
"Avec Meek activé"

"Found previous version, which needs to be uninstalled first."
"Une version précédente a été trouvée, elle doit d'abord être désinstallée"

"Found version from before the project rebranding, which needs to be uninstalled first."
"Une version d'avant le rebranding a été trouvée, elle doit d'abord êre désinstallée"

"Failed to uninstall, continue anyway?"
"Echec de la désinstallation, poursuivre quand même"

"Check if wallet is running."
"Vérifie si le portefeuille est en cours d'éxecution"

"Wallet is running. Closing it down."
"Le portefeuille est en cours d'éxecution. Fermeture en cours"

"Waiting for wallet to close."
"Attente de la fermeture du portefeuille"

"Wallet not running."
"Le portefeuille n'est pas en cours d'éxecution"
